h1. Mockup to HTML conversion routines

h2. What it is

A set of routines built around the file mockup.rb.

Usage: mockup [ options ]
    -p, --pasteboard                 Use pasteboard rather than file
    -n, --name [basename]            Basename for files created by exporter
    -s, --source [filename]          File to use rather than pasteboard
    -h, --help                       You're looking at it

Allows you to convert from Balsamiq Mockup's XML file to HTML, css, and Javascript.

h2. "But, why?" you ask

I needed something fun to do as a general learning project for Ruby, BDD, rspec, autotest, etc.  I think Mockups is awesome, so though parsing the XML files would be a good exercise.  Plus, I can imagine some cases where being able to go straight to HTML would make Mockups even more useful.

This is unlikely to be worked on again, but was fun to write.

h2. License

Copyright (c) 2008-2009 Cory Ondrejka

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person
obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation
files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without
restriction, including without limitation the rights to use,
copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the
Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following
conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES
OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT
HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY,
WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING
FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR
OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.